README.md, before:

# 🚀 Permaweb LLMs Builder

An interactive tool for selecting and curating Permaweb documentation into `llms.txt` format for AI training.

## 🎯 Features

- 🌐 **Multi-site crawling**: Automatically crawl documentation from Hyperbeam, AO, ArIO, and core Arweave sites
- 🎯 **Smart filtering**: Quality scoring and content enhancement for optimal AI training data
- 📊 **Interactive selection**: Browse and filter documentation with real-time search
- 📄 **LLMs.txt generation**: Export curated content in the standard format for AI training
- 📱 **Responsive design**: Works on desktop and mobile devices
- 🚀 **Multiple deployment options**: Deploy to Vercel or Arweave with flexible configurations

## 🏗️ Development Setup

### Prerequisites

- **Bun** (v1.0+) - [Install Bun](https://bun.sh/docs/installation)
- **Node.js** (v18+) - For fallback compatibility
- **Git** - For version control

### Quick Start

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/your-org/permaweb-llms-builder.git
cd permaweb-llms-builder

# Install dependencies
bun install

# Start development server
bun run dev

# Open in browser
open http://localhost:4321
```

### Available Scripts

```bash
# Development
bun run dev              # Start development server
bun run preview          # Preview production build locally
bun run preview:local    # Preview with custom server

# Building
bun run build            # Build for production
bun run build:vercel     # Build for Vercel deployment
bun run clean            # Clean build artifacts

# Testing
bun run test             # Run tests once
bun run test:watch       # Run tests in watch mode
# Add --ui or --coverage flags as needed:
# bun run test --ui       # Run tests with UI
# bun run test --coverage # Run tests with coverage

# Linting & Validation
bun run lint             # Run Astro linter
bun run validate         # Run tests + lint + build

# Documentation Crawling
bun run crawl            # Show help and crawl all sites (pretty JSON)
bun run crawl:prod       # Crawl all sites (minified JSON for production)
bun run crawl <site>     # Crawl specific site (hyperbeam, ao, ario, arweave)
bun run crawl --force    # Force reindex all sites
bun run crawl <site> --force  # Force reindex specific site

# Deployment (via GitHub Actions)
bun run deploy:preview   # Deploy to preview (push to preview branch)
bun run deploy:prod      # Deploy to production (push to main branch)
```

## 🚀 CI/CD Pipeline

This repository uses a comprehensive CI/CD pipeline for automated testing, building, and deployment.

### Workflow Overview

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Push to Branch] --> B{Branch Type?}
    B -->|Feature Branch| C[Create PR]
    B -->|Preview Branch| D[Deploy to Preview]
    B -->|Master Branch| E[Deploy to Production]
    
    C --> F[Run Tests & Build]
    F --> G[Comment on PR]
    G --> H[Merge to Master]
    H --> E
    
    D --> I[Vercel Preview]
    E --> J[Vercel Production]
    E --> K[ArNS Deployment]
    
    L[Daily Cron] --> M[Crawl Documentation]
    M --> N[Update Index]
    N --> O[Deploy Updates]
```

### Environment Structure

| Environment | Platform | URL | Deployment |
|-------------|----------|-----|------------|
| **Development** | Local | `localhost:4321` | Manual (`bun run dev`) |
| **Preview** | Vercel | Vercel preview URLs | Manual (`bun run deploy:preview`) |
| **Production** | Arweave | `permaweb-llms-builder.ar.io` | Manual (`bun run deploy:prod`) |

### GitHub Actions Workflows

#### 1. Main Deployment Pipeline (`.github/workflows/deploy.yml`)

**Triggers:**
- Pull requests to `master`
- Pushes to `master` or `preview` branches
- Manual workflow dispatch

**Jobs:**
- **test-and-build**: Validates PRs and feature branches
- **deploy**: Deploys to preview or production environments
- **cleanup**: Maintains workflow history

#### 2. Daily Documentation Crawl (`.github/workflows/daily-crawl-deploy.yml`)

**Triggers:**
- Daily at 2 AM UTC
- Manual trigger

**Process:**
1. Crawls all configured documentation sites
2. Generates fresh documentation index
3. Uploads index to dedicated ArNS endpoint
4. Reports crawl statistics

### Deployment Commands

#### Preview Deployment (Vercel)
```bash
# Deploy to Vercel for fast iteration and testing
bun run deploy:preview
```

#### Production Deployment (Arweave)
```bash
# Deploy to permanent Arweave storage
bun run deploy:prod
```

#### Interactive Deployment
```bash
# Choose deployment target interactively
bun run deploy
# Select: 1) Preview (Vercel) or 2) Production (Arweave)
```

### Required GitHub Secrets

Configure these secrets in your GitHub repository settings:

```bash
# Vercel Deployment
VERCEL_TOKEN=your_vercel_token
VERCEL_ORG_ID=team_6GvOyT5ARQJH1mo4x6fXQqzE
VERCEL_PROJECT_ID=prj_eFRPzU5WfC6v7l4GNqrtzkSUqdcT

# ArNS Deployment (when enabled)
DEPLOY_KEY=your_arweave_wallet_jwk
ANT_PROCESS=your_ant_process_id
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
permaweb-llms-builder/
├── .github/
│   └── workflows/           # CI/CD workflows
├── public/                  # Static assets
│   ├── crawl-config.json   # Crawl configuration
│   ├── docs-index.json     # Generated documentation index
│   └── favicon.svg
├── scripts/                 # Build and deployment scripts
│   ├── deploy-preview.sh    # Preview deployment
│   ├── deploy-production.sh # Production deployment
│   └── post-build.js       # Post-build optimization
├── src/
│   ├── pages/              # Astro pages
│   ├── styles/             # CSS styles
│   └── utils/              # Utility functions
│       ├── crawler.js      # Documentation crawler
│       ├── content-enhancer.js
│       ├── quality-scorer.js
│       └── batch-processor.js
├── test/                   # Test files
├── astro.config.mjs        # Astro configuration
├── package.json           # Dependencies and scripts
├── preview-server.js      # Development preview server
└── vitest.config.js       # Test configuration
```

## 🧪 Testing

The project uses Vitest for testing with jsdom environment for DOM testing.

```bash
# Run all tests
bun run test

# Watch mode for development
bun run test:watch

# Run with coverage
bun run test:coverage

# Interactive UI
bun run test:ui
```

### Test Categories

- **Unit Tests**: Individual function testing
- **Integration Tests**: Component interaction testing
- **Crawler Tests**: Documentation crawling validation
- **Content Tests**: Quality scoring and enhancement validation

## 🔧 Configuration

### Crawl Configuration (`public/crawl-config.json`)

Configure documentation sources:

```json
{
  "hyperbeam": {
    "url": "https://docs.hyperbeam.xyz",
    "selectors": {
      "content": "main",
      "title": "h1"
    }
  }
}
```

### Build Configuration (`astro.config.mjs`)

Astro configuration for static site generation:

```javascript
export default defineConfig({
  output: 'static',
  build: {
    inlineStylesheets: 'always'
  }
});
```

## 🌐 Deployment

### Vercel Deployment

The project deploys to Vercel for both preview and production environments:

- **Preview**: Automatic deployment on `preview` branch pushes
- **Production**: Automatic deployment on `master` branch pushes

### ArNS Deployment (Coming Soon)

Future deployment to Arweave Permaweb with ArNS:

```bash
# Will be enabled when ready
npx permaweb-deploy \
  --arns-name=permaweb-llms-builder \
  --ant-process=$ANT_PROCESS \
  --deploy-folder=dist
```

## 🤝 Contributing

### Development Workflow

1. **Fork the repository**
2. **Create a feature branch**: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. **Make your changes**
4. **Run tests**: `bun run validate`
5. **Commit changes**: `git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`
6. **Push to branch**: `git push origin feature/amazing-feature`
7. **Create Pull Request**

### Code Standards

- Use **kebab-case** for file names
- Use **camelCase** for variables and functions
- Use **PascalCase** for classes and constructors
- Write tests for new functionality
- Follow existing code style and patterns

### Commit Messages

Use conventional commit format:

```
feat: add new documentation source
fix: resolve crawler timeout issue
docs: update deployment instructions
test: add unit tests for quality scorer
```

## 📊 Monitoring

### Build Status

Monitor deployment status:
- GitHub Actions: Check workflow runs
- Vercel Dashboard: Monitor deployments
- Error Tracking: Review build logs

### Performance Metrics

- Build time optimization
- Bundle size monitoring
- Crawl success rates
- Site performance metrics

## 🔗 Links

- **Live Site**: [Your Production URL]
- **Preview Environment**: [Your Preview URL]
- **Documentation**: [Your Docs URL]
- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/your-org/permaweb-llms-builder/issues)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

Built with ❤️ for the Permaweb ecosystem

### Architecture

The Permaweb LLMs Builder uses a streamlined approach for documentation indexing:

- **📁 Public Access**: `public/docs-index.json` - Accessible at `/docs-index.json` for frontend consumption and external API access
- **🔄 Automatic Generation**: Crawl processes generate and maintain the index file automatically
- **⚡ Optimized Loading**: Frontend loads the index via fetch for dynamic content rendering

This simplified structure eliminates redundancy while maintaining all functionality.

## 🔧 UI Customization via Query Parameters

You can customize the Permaweb LLMs Builder UI by supplying query parameters in the URL. This is useful for embedding the tool in iframes, theming, or hiding certain UI elements.

| Parameter         | Example                | Description                                                      |
|------------------|-----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `iframe`         | `?iframe=true`        | Enables iframe-optimized UI (removes header, compact layout, etc) |
| `hide-header`    | `?hide-header=1`      | Hides the main page header/title                                 |
| `minimal`        | `?minimal=true`       | Hides the main header for a compact layout                       |
| `theme`          | `?theme=dark`         | Forces dark mode (`light` or `dark`)                             |
| `translucent`    | `?translucent=1`      | Enables translucent background (for overlays/embeds)             |
| `accent`         | `?accent=%23ff6600`   | Sets the accent color (hex, URL-encoded, e.g. `%23ff6600`)       |
| `bg-color`       | `?bg-color=%23f5f5f5` | Sets the background color (hex, URL-encoded)                     |
| `text-color`     | `?text-color=%23000000`| Sets the text color (hex, URL-encoded)                          |

### Example Usage

- **Minimal mode:**
  ```
  https://your-llms-builder.app/?minimal=true
  ```
- **Iframe mode with dark theme:**
  ```
  https://your-llms-builder.app/?iframe=true&theme=dark
  ```
- **Hide header and use a custom accent color:**
  ```
  https://your-llms-builder.app/?hide-header=1&accent=%23ff6600
  ```
- **Translucent overlay with custom background:**
  ```
  https://your-llms-builder.app/?translucent=1&bg-color=%23ffffff
  ```

You can combine multiple parameters as needed. Most parameters are compatible with each other.

Commit message:

chore: rename project and update documentation for clarity
- Changed project name from "permaweb-llms-builder" to "permaweb-llm-fuel" in package.json and README.md for consistency.
- Updated references to "LLMs" to "LLM" throughout documentation and codebase to align with new naming conventions.
- Adjusted deployment scripts and main application logic comments to reflect the new project name.
- Enhanced README.md with updated clone instructions and links to the live site and issues page.

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Permaweb LLM Fuel

An interactive tool for selecting and curating Permaweb documentation into `llms.txt` format for AI training.

## 🎯 Features

- 🌐 **Multi-site crawling**: Automatically crawl documentation from Hyperbeam, AO, ArIO, and core Arweave sites
- 🎯 **Smart filtering**: Quality scoring and content enhancement for optimal AI training data
- 📊 **Interactive selection**: Browse and filter documentation with real-time search
- 📄 **llms.txt generation**: Export curated content in the standard format for AI training
- 📱 **Responsive design**: Works on desktop and mobile devices
- 🚀 **Multiple deployment options**: Deploy to Vercel or Arweave with flexible configurations

## 🏗️ Development Setup

### Prerequisites

- **Bun** (v1.0+) - [Install Bun](https://bun.sh/docs/installation)
- **Node.js** (v18+) - For fallback compatibility
- **Git** - For version control

### Quick Start

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/your-org/permaweb-llm-fuel.git
cd permaweb-llm-fuel

# Install dependencies
bun install

# Start development server
bun run dev

# Open in browser
open http://localhost:4321
```

### Available Scripts

```bash
# Development
bun run dev              # Start development server
bun run preview          # Preview production build locally
bun run preview:local    # Preview with custom server

# Building
bun run build            # Build for production
bun run build:vercel     # Build for Vercel deployment
bun run clean            # Clean build artifacts

# Testing
bun run test             # Run tests once
bun run test:watch       # Run tests in watch mode
# Add --ui or --coverage flags as needed:
# bun run test --ui       # Run tests with UI
# bun run test --coverage # Run tests with coverage

# Linting & Validation
bun run lint             # Run Astro linter
bun run validate         # Run tests + lint + build

# Documentation Crawling
bun run crawl            # Show help and crawl all sites (pretty JSON)
bun run crawl:prod       # Crawl all sites (minified JSON for production)
bun run crawl <site>     # Crawl specific site (hyperbeam, ao, ario, arweave)
bun run crawl --force    # Force reindex all sites
bun run crawl <site> --force  # Force reindex specific site

# Deployment (via GitHub Actions)
bun run deploy:preview   # Deploy to preview (push to preview branch)
bun run deploy:prod      # Deploy to production (push to main branch)
```

## 🚀 CI/CD Pipeline

This repository uses a comprehensive CI/CD pipeline for automated testing, building, and deployment.

### Workflow Overview

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Push to Branch] --> B{Branch Type?}
    B -->|Feature Branch| C[Create PR]
    B -->|Preview Branch| D[Deploy to Preview]
    B -->|Master Branch| E[Deploy to Production]
    
    C --> F[Run Tests & Build]
    F --> G[Comment on PR]
    G --> H[Merge to Master]
    H --> E
    
    D --> I[Vercel Preview]
    E --> J[Vercel Production]
    E --> K[ArNS Deployment]
    
    L[Daily Cron] --> M[Crawl Documentation]
    M --> N[Update Index]
    N --> O[Deploy Updates]
```

### Environment Structure

| Environment | Platform | URL | Deployment |
|-------------|----------|-----|------------|
| **Development** | Local | `localhost:4321` | Manual (`bun run dev`) |
| **Preview** | Vercel | Vercel preview URLs | Manual (`bun run deploy:preview`) |
| **Production** | Arweave | `fuel_permawebllms.ar.io` | Manual (`bun run deploy:prod`) |

### GitHub Actions Workflows

#### 1. Main Deployment Pipeline (`.github/workflows/deploy.yml`)

**Triggers:**
- Pull requests to `master`
- Pushes to `master` or `preview` branches
- Manual workflow dispatch

**Jobs:**
- **test-and-build**: Validates PRs and feature branches
- **deploy**: Deploys to preview or production environments
- **cleanup**: Maintains workflow history

#### 2. Daily Documentation Crawl (`.github/workflows/daily-crawl-deploy.yml`)

**Triggers:**
- Daily at 2 AM UTC
- Manual trigger

**Process:**
1. Crawls all configured documentation sites
2. Generates fresh documentation index
3. Uploads index to dedicated ArNS endpoint
4. Reports crawl statistics

### Deployment Commands

#### Preview Deployment (Vercel)
```bash
# Deploy to Vercel for fast iteration and testing
bun run deploy:preview
```

#### Production Deployment (Arweave)
```bash
# Deploy to permanent Arweave storage
bun run deploy:prod
```

#### Interactive Deployment
```bash
# Choose deployment target interactively
bun run deploy
# Select: 1) Preview (Vercel) or 2) Production (Arweave)
```

### Required GitHub Secrets

Configure these secrets in your GitHub repository settings:

```bash
# Vercel Deployment
VERCEL_TOKEN=your_vercel_token
VERCEL_ORG_ID=team_6GvOyT5ARQJH1mo4x6fXQqzE
VERCEL_PROJECT_ID=prj_eFRPzU5WfC6v7l4GNqrtzkSUqdcT

# ArNS Deployment (when enabled)
DEPLOY_KEY=your_arweave_wallet_jwk
ANT_PROCESS=your_ant_process_id
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
permaweb-llm-fuel/
├── .github/
│   └── workflows/           # CI/CD workflows
├── public/                  # Static assets
│   ├── crawl-config.json   # Crawl configuration
│   ├── docs-index.json     # Generated documentation index
│   └── favicon.svg
├── scripts/                 # Build and deployment scripts
│   ├── deploy-preview.sh    # Preview deployment
│   ├── deploy-production.sh # Production deployment
│   └── post-build.js       # Post-build optimization
├── src/
│   ├── pages/              # Astro pages
│   ├── styles/             # CSS styles
│   └── utils/              # Utility functions
│       ├── crawler.js      # Documentation crawler
│       ├── content-enhancer.js
│       ├── quality-scorer.js
│       └── batch-processor.js
├── test/                   # Test files
├── astro.config.mjs        # Astro configuration
├── package.json           # Dependencies and scripts
├── preview-server.js      # Development preview server
└── vitest.config.js       # Test configuration
```

## 🧪 Testing

The project uses Vitest for testing with jsdom environment for DOM testing.

```bash
# Run all tests
bun run test

# Watch mode for development
bun run test:watch

# Run with coverage
bun run test:coverage

# Interactive UI
bun run test:ui
```

### Test Categories

- **Unit Tests**: Individual function testing
- **Integration Tests**: Component interaction testing
- **Crawler Tests**: Documentation crawling validation
- **Content Tests**: Quality scoring and enhancement validation

## 🔧 Configuration

### Crawl Configuration (`public/crawl-config.json`)

Configure documentation sources:

```json
{
  "hyperbeam": {
    "url": "https://docs.hyperbeam.xyz",
    "selectors": {
      "content": "main",
      "title": "h1"
    }
  }
}
```

### Build Configuration (`astro.config.mjs`)

Astro configuration for static site generation:

```javascript
export default defineConfig({
  output: 'static',
  build: {
    inlineStylesheets: 'always'
  }
});
```

## 🌐 Deployment

### Vercel Deployment

The project deploys to Vercel for both preview and production environments:

- **Preview**: Automatic deployment on `preview` branch pushes
- **Production**: Automatic deployment on `master` branch pushes

### ArNS Deployment (Coming Soon)

Future deployment to Arweave Permaweb with ArNS:

```bash
# Will be enabled when ready
npx permaweb-deploy \
  --arns-name=permaweb-llm-fuel \
  --ant-process=$ANT_PROCESS \
  --deploy-folder=dist
```

## 🤝 Contributing

### Development Workflow

1. **Fork the repository**
2. **Create a feature branch**: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. **Make your changes**
4. **Run tests**: `bun run validate`
5. **Commit changes**: `git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`
6. **Push to branch**: `git push origin feature/amazing-feature`
7. **Create Pull Request**

### Code Standards

- Use **kebab-case** for file names
- Use **camelCase** for variables and functions
- Use **PascalCase** for classes and constructors
- Write tests for new functionality
- Follow existing code style and patterns

### Commit Messages

Use conventional commit format:

```
feat: add new documentation source
fix: resolve crawler timeout issue
docs: update deployment instructions
test: add unit tests for quality scorer
```

## 📊 Monitoring

### Build Status

Monitor deployment status:
- GitHub Actions: Check workflow runs
- Vercel Dashboard: Monitor deployments
- Error Tracking: Review build logs

### Performance Metrics

- Build time optimization
- Bundle size monitoring
- Crawl success rates
- Site performance metrics

## 🔗 Links

- **Live Site**: [https://fuel_permawebllms.ar.io](https://fuel_permawebllms.ar.io)
<!-- - **Preview Environment**: [https://permaweb-llm-fuel.vercel.app](https://permaweb-llm-fuel.vercel.app) -->
- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/dpshade/permaweb-llm-fuel/issues)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

Built with ❤️ for the Permaweb ecosystem

### Architecture

The Permaweb LLM Fuel uses a streamlined approach for documentation indexing:

- **📁 Public Access**: `public/docs-index.json` - Accessible at `/docs-index.json` for frontend consumption and external API access
- **🔄 Automatic Generation**: Crawl processes generate and maintain the index file automatically
- **⚡ Optimized Loading**: Frontend loads the index via fetch for dynamic content rendering

This simplified structure eliminates redundancy while maintaining all functionality.

## 🔧 UI Customization via Query Parameters

You can customize the Permaweb LLM Fuel UI by supplying query parameters in the URL. This is useful for embedding the tool in iframes, theming, or hiding certain UI elements.

| Parameter         | Example                | Description                                                      |
|------------------|-----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `iframe`         | `?iframe=true`        | Enables iframe-optimized UI (removes header, compact layout, etc) |
| `hide-header`    | `?hide-header=1`      | Hides the main page header/title                                 |
| `minimal`        | `?minimal=true`       | Hides the main header for a compact layout                       |
| `theme`          | `?theme=dark`         | Forces dark mode (`light` or `dark`)                             |
| `translucent`    | `?translucent=1`      | Enables translucent background (for overlays/embeds)             |
| `accent`         | `?accent=%23ff6600`   | Sets the accent color (hex, URL-encoded, e.g. `%23ff6600`)       |
| `bg-color`       | `?bg-color=%23f5f5f5` | Sets the background color (hex, URL-encoded)                     |
| `text-color`     | `?text-color=%23000000`| Sets the text color (hex, URL-encoded)                          |

### Example Usage

- **Minimal mode:**
  ```
  https://your-llm-fuel.app/?minimal=true
  ```
- **Iframe mode with dark theme:**
  ```
  https://your-llm-fuel.app/?iframe=true&theme=dark
  ```
- **Hide header and use a custom accent color:**
  ```
  https://your-llm-fuel.app/?hide-header=1&accent=%23ff6600
  ```
- **Translucent overlay with custom background:**
  ```
  https://your-llm-fuel.app/?translucent=1&bg-color=%23ffffff
  ```

You can combine multiple parameters as needed. Most parameters are compatible with each other.
